About Us
Soni Patel and Associates is a professional Chartered Accountant firm established for over 5 years, serving clients across various industries and borders. They offer customized financial and advisory services, including accounting, auditing, taxation, litigation, Virtual CFO, business advisory, and financial planning. With a focus on client satisfaction, the firm is committed to providing quality services with integrity, professionalism, and expertise. Soni Patel and Associates aim to build long-term relationships with clients, earning their trust and confidence through dedication and commitment to excellence.

ReadMore (Parked for now)


Our Vision
Our vision is to be the most trusted and adaptive group of professionals, committed to adding measurable value to our clients' financial success. We will achieve this by continuously honing our expertise, leveraging advanced technology, and providing exceptional service, resulting in sustainable growth for our clients and our organization.

ReadMore (Parked for now)


Our services

Registration Services	-

1. PAN, TAN application, HUF formation,
2. 12A, 80G 10(23C) registration,
3. GST registration,
4. Assistance in Incorporation of Company, Section 8 Comapny, One Person Company,
5. Assistance in Trust/  Society registration,
6. MSME registration,
7. Assitance in PArtnership deed, LLp formation,
7. Business name Registration.

Tax Services (Direct/Idirect Tax)	-

-Compliance Services

1. Assistance in Preparing Income Tax Return,
2. Assistance in Preparation of GST/ Indirect Tax Return,
3. Assistance in Income Tax, TDS GST Payment,
4. Review of Advance Tax payment, TDS compliance,
5. TDS/ Tax health check,
6. Assistance in Tax refunds, subsidies and obtaining benefits under various gocernment schemes,
7. Certification for Bank, Tax Laws, Export, Tender and related areas.

-Advisory/ Litigation Services

1. Periodic review of Accounts,
2. Advisory in analysis and implementation complex Tax Laws and ever changing updates having multiple outcomes,
3. Tax planning for individuals and sole proprietors, firms, trust and other entities.
4. Business set up advisory, Set up of Tax and Accounting framework of Newly set up Entities
5. Consultancy on restructuring/reorganization for tax purposes,
6. Preparation and filing of representation before Statutory department,
7. Assistance in preparing and filing Appeal  before CIT(A), ITAT and other forums.
8. Share Valuation,Advice on various accounting standard issues
9. Budget and Forecast,
10. Conduct of feasbility study of the project,
11. Preparing Project Report, CMA report along with liason with Bank/ Debt Syndication,
12. Personal Financial Investment Planning and Tax Planning of HNI,
13. Assistance in Finalisation of Books of Accounts of entities undergoing proceeding under IBC Code, 2016.  



(This might be clickable if required to add more details but parked for now)
We will build your website and fulfill all your needs. SEO optimization is included.

AUDIT AND ASSURANCE	-

1. Company, Statutory Audit,
2. Tax Audit
3. GST Annual Return, GSTR 9C,
4. Stock Audit,
5. Charity/ Trust Audit,
6. Internal Audit,
7. Government Audit,
8. Prorpeitory Audit,
9. Bank Audit (Statutory, Concurrent, Revenue, System Audit)
10. Accounting Due Deligence,
11. Limited Review Audit,
12. Outsourced Accounting services as per US GAAP.
13. Accounting services as per Indian Accounting standard, Ind AS, IFRS.

We will build your mobile application and fulfill all your needs. SEO optimization is included.

COMPANY LAW SERVICES	-

-Due deligence -

	- Co-ordinating in  verification of documentation and systematic reporting of compliance with the applicable regulations,
	- Collating information for advances sanction purposes,
	- Visit and verification of existence of borrower and submission of due diligence report in prescribed formats.

-Company Law-

	- Co ordinating in formation of Indian Private / Public / Section 8 Companies / 100% subsidiary / Branch office / Liaison Office,
	- Assistamce in Drafting Memorandum and Article of Association of Company, 
	- Assistance in Conversion from Private to Public Limited Company and Company into LLP and vice versa,
	- Co ordinating in Filling of various Returns with ROC,
	- Co ordinating in Filling of Annual Return in XBRL environment of the company • Conversion from firm to company.


We will optimize your existing website or mobile application in SEO and performance.

VIRTUAL CFO SERVICES	-

It may not be possible to hire a full time professional by companies (Newly set up company or Company located at a Remote Location).
We provide our professional services on real time basis from our office resulting in saving of cost, time and delivering excellence in services by the professional having wide expereince of diffrent industries.

1. Regular accounting support,
2. Real time checking of transaction,
3. Enabling duly evaluated decision making,
4. Support in Financial, management, tax, forecasting and operational/ administrative decision making,
5. Periodic discussion with Management for timely compliance of various laws,
6. Preparing strategy on expansion, development, recruitment management,
7. Debtor/ Creditor Management, Cost Control Analysis.

We offer free consultation about your idea and offer you best approach on how to realize it.

INTERNATIONAL COMPLIANCE SERVICES	-	

-Services to NRI

1. Assistance in filing of application for lower Tax deduction on liquidation of Property, invesment.
2.Monitor and record and regular updated on their investment,
3.Facilitate repatriation on sale proceeds/ income of investment and property,
3. Compliance with Banking and Other Reglatory Formailities
5. Assistance in Filing Income Tax REturn,
5. Prepare a calculated investment plan considering the growth/ tax propects in Both the Countries,
6. Advise on preparatory work before leaving/ entering the Country,

-OTHER INTERNATIONAL COMPLAINCE SERVICES

1. Assistance in Preparation of Form 15CA/ CB,
2. Assistance in compliance with DTAA provisions, Taxation aspects of cross-border transactions
3.Analyzing the international movement of capital, securities, and goods involves a comprehensive understanding of taxation, fiscal liabilities, and legislation governing foreign currency, investment, and foreign trade. This includes analyzing tax implications, foreign currency regulations, and investment regulations.
4. Assistance in FEMA Compliance,
5. Technical support and consultancy on withholding tax refund requests within the framework of the relevant provisions of the Double Tax Treaties
6.Analysis of the operations constituting “Permanent Establishment” for tax purposes
7.Taxation of dividends paid to non-resident shareholders
8.Taxation of the payments in return for intangible rights (license, know-how, royalty etc.)
9.Taxation of the payments made by Indian companies and offices to non-residents in return for performance of certain services
10.Analysis of methods of elimination of double taxation (exemption, credit methods) as well as the procedures to be followed to eliminate double taxation (mutual agreement procedure, exchange of information etc.) for various cases.

We will ensure that your idea is well known in attempt to gather user base and expand your idea

LITIGATION - NOT NEEDED
We will take care of event hosting and management process for your public. You just need to appear on the event, as a host.


Partner Section

CA Prajal Ashok Soni
Proffessional Picture (Single)
FCA, B.com, Certified Concurrent Auditor

CA Prajal Ashok Soni is a highly accomplished founder member of Soni Patel and Associates, with a distinguished academic background. He secured AIR 32 in CA Final Exam and was the Accounts Topper from the Vidarbha region. With over 8 years of professional experience, he has honed his expertise in Corporate Tax Compliance/TDS Compliance, Audits of various entities, Direct Tax Assessments and Litigation, Project Financing, Finalization, Bank Audits, and Virtual CFO services.

His in-depth knowledge and interpretation of various tax laws, coupled with his analytical abilities, have earned him a reputation as an expert in his field. He is committed to providing customized solutions to meet the specific needs of his clients and adding value to their financial goals. With a focus on client satisfaction, CA Prajal Ashok Soni strives to provide quality services with integrity, professionalism, and expertise, thereby building long-term relationships with his clients and earning their trust and confidence through his dedication and commitment to excellence.

Co ordinates - 

soniprajal111@gmail.com

CA Komal  Arvind Patel
FCA, B.com, DISA  
Photo
CA Komal Arvind Patel is a seasoned professional with over 8 years of experience in the field. Before joining Soni Patel and Associates, she worked on compliance with US GAAP provisions with a company providing US Accounting services. She specializes in GST Compliance, GST Annual Return and Assessment, Planning, Due Diligence Compliance, Internal Audit, Revenue Audit, Stock Audit, Concurrent Bank Audits, Accounts finalization, Direct Tax Compliance service/advisory, business registration/formation processes.

Her extensive knowledge of FEMA compliance and value-added solutions in NRI Tax Services have earned her a reputation as an expert in her field. She is committed to providing customized solutions to meet the specific needs of her clients and adding value to their financial goals. 

Co - orindates
komalpatel3003@gmail.com


CA Ayushi Malay Porwal
CA, B.com , Certified Concurrent Auditor

CA Ayushi Malay Porwal is a highly disciplined professional with over 5 years of experience in the field of Chartered Accountancy. She specializes in statutory audit of banks, limited review of companies and has a deep understanding of compliance requirements related to the formation of companies, start-up registration, management consultancy, government audits, and investment advisory. She has played a key role in setting up various industries, including manufacturing, IT companies and providing guidance on complete compliance with laws and regulations required for setting up a organization. Her expertise and knowledge have helped her clients achieve their financial goals and growth objectives.

Co-ordinates

ayushisomani16@gmail.com


Important Links


Income Tax Filing Portal
https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal/


Income Tax Payment
https://eportal.incometax.gov.in/iec/foservices/#/e-pay-tax-prelogin/user-details


Income Tax Calculator
https://incometaxindia.gov.in/pages/tools/income-tax-calculator.aspx


GST Filing Portal
https://services.gst.gov.in/services/error/accessdenied


Search GSTN Number/ Party
https://services.gst.gov.in/services/searchtpbypan


Udhyam REgistration
https://udyamregistration.gov.in/Government-India/Ministry-MSME-registration.htm


Companies Act Portal
https://www.mca.gov.in/mcafoportal/login.do


Seach Directorship Details
https://www.mca.gov.in/mcafoportal/viewSignatoryDetails.do


Institute of Chartered Accoutant of India
https://www.icai.org/


RESERVE Bank of India
https://www.rbi.org.in/


Foreign Exchange Management (Overseas Investment) Regulations 2022
https://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/NotificationUser.aspx?Id=12380&Mode=0


SBI Interest Rates 2022-2023
https://sbi.co.in/web/business/information/interest-rates-perquisite-calculation

SBI Forex Rate Card
https://sbi.co.in/documents/16012/1400784/FOREX_CARD_RATES.pdf


Online PAN application
https://www.onlineservices.nsdl.com/paam/endUserRegisterContact.html


Tax refund tracking
https://tin.tin.nsdl.com/oltas/refundstatuslogin.html


Income tax department FAQ page containing a very large number of FAQs on various topics concerning tax payers.
https://incometaxindia.gov.in/Pages/faqs.aspx?c=1







HEAD OFFICE:

F-11, Mahadev Galaxy, Behind RK Flour Mill, Near Harihar Mandir, Lakadganj, Nagpur -440008.

GPS location link	-	https://goo.gl/maps/JpMb9gFyiAciooGDA


BRANCH :

B 402,Shripad Anantha, b/h Sanjeev Kumar Auditorium, Pal Adajan, Surat -395009.

GPS location link	-	https://goo.gl/maps/M54pTP9FNCeqwZkFA



Contact US form (Parking it for now)

9021165792
9370901201

soniprajal111@gmail.com
casonipatel111@gmail.com

(CA Soni Patel and Associates ,dow we add all rights reserved or something of that sort)
© 2021 - CONNECTFACTOR - All rights reserved
